Q:What is the structure of your dataset?
ANS:There are 1599 observations with 13 variables in the dataset. There are features like 
    (fixed.acidity,volatile.acidity,citric acid,density, pH, alcohol, sulphate content and quality).
    All the variables here are of numeric type except quality which of integer type. 

Q:Few observations about the data?
ANS:Most of the wines are of average quality.
    This dataset contains data about only a sample of red wines.
    It can be seen that pH , Density are normally distributed.
    Looking at variables like alcohol content, fixed acidity, volatile acidity, 
    residual sugar content,sulphur dioxide and chloride content are positively skewed.

Q:What is/are the main feature(s) of interest in your dataset?
ANS:The main feature of interest for this dataset is the wine quality. 
    I want to find out what all variables impact the wine quality.
    From the above univariate analysis I think that pH,sulphates contet and alcohol directly
    impact the quality of the wines. 
   
Q:What other features in the dataset do you think will help support your investigation into your 
   feature(s) of interest?
ANS:Apart from pH, sulpahates and alcohol content which play a major role in determining the
    quality of red wine. Variables like acidity(fixed and volatile) and sugar content can also
    play an important role in predicting the quality rating.
    I can say this by looking at the similarity of distribution of quality and 
    acidity(fixed and volatile) ,residual sugar content.


Q:Did you create any new variables from existing variables in the dataset?
ANS:Yes, I have added one variable to the dataset with the quality_category which has 3 categories
    Low, Medium and Good.
    I have split the wine quality based on the below condition:
    If the quality ratings is less than 4 then its bad quality , 
    it its between 5 and 6 then Medium else Good quality.


Q:Of the features you investigated, were there any unusual distributions? 
  Did you perform any operations on the data to tidy, adjust, or change the form of the data? 
  If so, why did you do this?
ANS:There were few variables like fixed acidity , colatile acidity , residual sugar content which
     were marginally right skewed. 
    I haven't done any specific transformations to the data apart from adding a new variable.
